Happy to see you again.
We know what Knapsack's business goals are.
Now, let us map business goals to lead a consumer groups.
Our first goal was to have a working product,
that will be the focus of engineering team.
Getting new customers and retaining old,
marketing team will work towards that.
Predicting profit and loss growth is taken care of by the finance team.
Product delivery will be taken care of by logistics team.
Having sufficient inventory is the objective of inventory management team.
Addressing customer grievances, customer care team will do that.
Improving product is a focus of product management teams work.
While you created your answer to this question in text,
it can be very helpful to create a graphic to
help others better understand your concepts.